DOC-2238 add note and known limitation for OLM form view (#2563)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/deployment/openshift/openshift-operatorhub.md

Use the YAML view to create a custom resource file or let OperatorHub generate the YAML file for you by specifying your configuration options in the form view.

> {{<note>}} In versions 6.4.2-4 and 6.4.2-5, REC creation fails when using the form view due to an error related to the cluster level LDAP. To avoid this, use the YAML view.

Reviewer: * _fails_ --> _might fail_, since in some circumstances we don't fail (when the user actually specifies LDAP values).
* Maybe: _...due to invalid defaulting of cluster level LDAP fields._

> {{<note>}} In versions 6.4.2-4 and 6.4.2-5, REC creation fails when using the form view due to an error related to the cluster level LDAP. To avoid this, use the YAML view.

Author: ```suggestion
{{<note>}} In versions 6.4.2-4 and 6.4.2-5, REC creation might fail when using the form view due to an error related to the cluster level LDAP. To avoid this, use the YAML view.
```
